fix(readme): Manual deployment part (#12490)
wireapp/wire-webapp: README.md

### Manual Deployments

> Based on the git branch and/or tags, builds get deployed automatically by [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/wireapp/wire-webapp/actions). In case the actions are not working, a manual deployment can be triggered using `yarn deploy`. It will take a current branch and will deploy it to the environemnt which is configured [here](./.elasticbeanstalk/config.yml). To deploy any branch to specific environment simply run `yarn deploy wire-webapp-envname` (e.g. `yarn deploy wire-webapp-qa`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the git branch and/or tags, builds get deployed automatically by [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/wireapp/wire-webapp/actions). In case the actions are not working, a manual deployment can be triggered using `yarn deploy`. It will take the current branch and will deploy it to the environment which is configured [here](./.elasticbeanstalk/config.yml). To deploy any branch to a specific environment switch to the branch you want to deploy `git checkout my-branch` and simply run `yarn deploy wire-webapp-envname` (e.g. `yarn deploy wire-webapp-qa`).
```
